Boss, I bought your favorite sweet and sour ribs today
Boss
You've been here with me for a long time
Go back quickly
Are you kidding?
What will you do if I leave?
I'm familiar with the situation here
I don't need you to find me again.
And you have to work
If you ask for too long leave, Brother Youth will trouble you.
It's okay, it's a big deal to change jobs
You have also seen my situation.
I don't have a few days left
The rest of the time
I want to spend it myself
But the old man left
Or I'll kill myself
I'll just go.
You must take care of yourself and don't think about it
Okay
Thank you for all this for me
I want to ask you one last thing
Don't tell anyone my whereabouts
OK
It is also a kind of luck to die quietly here
Although lonely
But at least it won't implicate anyone else
Is there any news?
Nope.
Lin Feng
He's just afraid of implicating us
So he chose to leave quietly
Unless he wants to
otherwise
He's never coming back.
Can you do that?
He kicked me and searched for him
I can't imagine how bad his life would be without someone around me
I have an idea.